improve msft docs (#331)
Worklytics/psoxy: docs/sources/msft-365/README.md

# Microsoft 365

## Setup

Connecting to Microsoft 365 data requires:

>   1. creating one *Azure Active Directory* (AAD) enterprise application per Microsoft 365 data source (eg, `azure-ad`, `outlook-mail`, `outlook-cal`, etc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. creating one *Azure Active Directory* (AAD) application per Microsoft 365 data source (eg, `azure-ad`, `outlook-mail`, `outlook-cal`, etc).
```

Steps (1) and (2) are handled by the `terraform` examples. To perform them, the machine running
`terraform` must be authenticated with [Azure CLI](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/) as
an Azure AD user with, at minimum, the following role in your Microsoft 365 tenant:

 - [Cloud Application Administrator](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference#cloud-application-administrator) to create/update/delete AAD applications and its settings during Terraform apply command.

Please note that this role is the least-privileged role sufficient for this task (creating an Azure
AD Application), per Microsoft's documentation. See [Least privileged roles by task in Azure Active Directory](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/roles/delegate-by-task#enterprise-applications).

This role is needed *ONLY* for the initial `terraform apply` . After each Azure AD enterprise
application is created, the user will be set as the `owner` of that application, providing ongoing
access to read and update the application's settings.  At that point, the general role can be removed.

> Step (3) is performed by a Microsoft 365 administrator via the Azure AD web console. Running the
> `terraform` examples for steps (1)/(2) will generate a document with specific instructions for this
> administrator. This administrator must have, at minimum, the following role in your Microsoft 365
> tenant:

Reviewer: Not an admin from MSFT 365, just to have the role on AAD:

```suggestion
Step (3) is performed via the Azure AD web console through an user with administrator permissions. Running the
`terraform` examples for steps (1)/(2) will generate a document with specific instructions for this
administrator. This administrator must have, at minimum, the following role in your Microsoft 365
tenant:
```
